# Hybrid System Lab Templates
This repository contains templates for use in papers, slide decks, and presentations.

## Files:

The following files are compiled into their respective documents.
* `paper.tex`: IEEE Conference Paper
* `report.tex`: Internal Report
* `slides.tex`: Presentation
* `poster.tex`: Poster
* `intro_slide.tex`: Single-slide Presentation

Options such as title, authors, etc., as well as colors are defined in `document_setup.tex`.
Place new macro definitions that are specific to your project into `document_definitions.tex`.

Other files that you need to edit:
* `document_setup.tex`: Modify this file to set the title, authors, and other information about your work. The values you enter are automatically populated into each document.
* `biblio.bib`: Contains bibliography entries. This can be automatically generated by Zotero.
* `paper_body.tex`: Contains the main text of the paper. It is used to compile `paper.tex` and `report.tex`.
* `document_definitions.tex`: Place definitions of new macros that are specific to this work here.

There are several files that are used by the templates but you do not need to modify (usually):
*`pwintz_configurations.sty`: Setups up packages used by the templates and other useful things.
*`pwintz_definitions.sty`: Defines useful macros, such as `\calA` and `\xdot`. 

# Creating a Conference Paper + Report

1. Edit `paper_body.tex` to contain the body of your documents. 
2. Use commands `\reportonly` and `\confonly` to exclude sections from the conference version and report versions, respectively.
3. Compile `paper.tex` to generate a conference paper or `report.tex` to generate a report document. 

# Creating a Presentation

1. Create a presentation using `slides.tex`.

# Creating a Poster or Intro Slide

1. Create the body of the poster using `poster.tex` or `intro_slide`.
2. Generate PDF
3. Run `convert_poster_pdf_to_png.sh` to generate a PNG file.
4. Add the PNG file to the `presentation.ppt` PowerPoint file. Check the horizontal alignment.


